Every WashCentral screen carries the same tools in the top-right corner.
p02
They follow you from page to page.
p03
Three of them do the daily work:
p04
jumping anywhere, focusing the view, and asking questions in plain language.
p05
Press Control K.
p06
The command palette opens dead center, cursor already blinking.
p07
It's the quickest way to any page.
p08
Rather than hunt through menus, you picture where you're headed and type it.
p09
Now, the results.
p10
Search reads the whole platform, not just page titles.
p11
Each hit names where you'll land and the module it lives under,
p12
so the palette quietly teaches you the layout.
p13
Watch the footer, then tap the arrow keys.
p14
The highlight moves with each press.
p15
The palette runs entirely from the keyboard:
p16
arrows to move, Enter to open, Escape to back out.
p17
Build the habit early.
p18
Press Escape.
p19
The palette closes and drops you back exactly where you were,
p20
without opening or changing a thing.
p21
Closing Search is always safe.
p22
Now click the location selector.
p23
By default it reads All Locations, your whole network.
p24
This control decides which sites your dashboards and numbers come from.
p25
Right now, that's every wash you run.
p26
Underneath, two lists.
p27
One groups sites by state, with a count beside each.
p28
The other drills into a single wash.
p29
Pick either, and every dashboard narrows to match.
p30
For support work, remember: it only changes your view.
p31
The data never moves, and one click back to All Locations restores the whole network.
p32
Click the selector again to close it.
p33
We browsed and picked nothing, so scope stays on the full network.
p34
Scanning the list never filters a thing until you actually choose.
p35
Last tool.
p36
Click Ask Shyne.
p37
Shyne is the assistant built into WashCentral.
p38
Ask it about customers, operations, or marketing in plain language,
p39
and it pulls the answer together.
p40
The Try Asking prompts give you a feel for its range.
p41
Payment declines at one site, prepaid members gone quiet,
p42
last week's damage claims, VIPs at risk of leaving.
p43
If that's a question you'd normally dig through reports for, try Shyne first.
p44
At the bottom, a question box and a Send button.
p45
Normally you'd type a question here and Shyne would answer.
p46
We won't send one today.
p47
What matters is the line just below:
p48
the answer is AI-generated, so verify it before you act.
p49
Treat Shyne's reply as a fast first draft you always confirm.
p50
Click Close.
p51
The window disappears with no question sent, your workspace right where you left it.
p52
So that's the header.
p53
From any screen, Control K jumps you anywhere,
p54
the location selector focuses the view without touching a record,
p55
and Ask Shyne answers your questions, as long as you verify first.
p56
Three tools, one corner.
p57
Learn them now, because every lesson ahead assumes you can reach them.